welcome to falcon and the winter soldier
episode one
cram in tunisian airspace sam wilson is
working for the u.s air force as the
falcon to intercept a criminal
organization known as laf
that's kidnapping a military liaison
called captain versant
and it turns out the laf is run by
betroth the french algerian mercenary
from the days of captain america and the
winter soldier
falcon flies in for some close quarters
combat making use of his armored wings
and jet pack fighting techniques
but batroc and his goons turn for
kidnapping into an extreme sports event
by putting on wingsuits and gliding
through canyon terrain with helicopter
gunship support
the falcon however has claws of his own
deploying the drone red wing
and other explosives on the mercenaries
in order to take the fight back to them
giving us lots of high-speed action
while sam makes use of the suit's
agility
he saves versant before they cross into
libyan airspace
managing to make batok look very silly
so he chills out
with first lieutenant torres who's there
to provide intel during his operations
it's been six months since the
unsnapping of avengers endgame
and there's all sorts of crazy theories
over what really happened to captain
america
but the thing is he's passed the shield
and its responsibilities
over to sam who despite being an
excellent soldier
does not feel right about taking up the
mantle he hangs up the shield instead
to honor steve's memory but rodie the
war machine
reminds him that the world is still
recovering and needs heroes to look up
to
something to think on meanwhile we take
a look back to find bucky barnes
is reliving a lot of his past hydra
assassinations in his nightmares coming
to terms with the damage he's done
he has to attend counselling meetings as
well as using his memories to help
uncover some of the former hydra pawns
that are still
out there being [ __ ] and he also
makes amends with them
letting them know he's no longer a
killer much like the final steps of a
drug
addict recovery program for some reason
his only friend is a japanese grandpa
who sets him up on a date with a cute
waitress but he grieves for death of his
son who is killed long ago when working
abroad
so the next night the young lady gets to
know the 106 year old who's a little out
of touch
they discuss family like bucky's sister
over some beer and she mentions how cute
it is that he's hanging out with yori
who never got any closure over his loss
and it turns out he's yet another name
on bucky's list of amends
being the one who killed his son who was
simply in the wrong place
at the wrong time but it's still too
much for him to admit
meanwhile lieutenant torres joins a
meet-up in switzerland he heard about on
the dark web where a group of activists
run diversion for a terrorist
group called for flag smashers who've
just robbed a bank
led by an unusually strong masked
villain something that sam
seems keen to keep an eye on also sam's
sister sarah wants to sell their parents
failing shrimp boat business because
she's falling into debt
and doesn't want his help plus the bank
won't give them an fda loan
because as far as they're concerned
being turned to ash for five years
looks just the same as having no income
so the home life is kind of tough
and they have some stuff to work through
but that's put on hold because the
department of defense
has made the tasteless and disrespectful
committee thinking decision
to hand the shield over to a brand new
captain america
oh my god so thanks a lot for watching
i will be cramming the whole season once
it's done but thought you might like
some weekly catch-ups along the way
hit that subscribe button so you don't
miss out on more and i'll see you next
time
take care